down here flora Eleanor and we still
think that you are boys but Israel
actually isn't going to get ourselves
prison
I'm Charlie mayor of the town people
call from miles around is we is or is
really gonna get our tail
Jack represent the Prince got a question
please say yes
as we is or as we isn't gonna get
ourselves a prison I made I say the
prison saw God was taking you so long
his reign is or is what is it gee-whiz
all rewards prison
I will the Chiefs new last name Thompson
just like you usually is or is we gonna
get ourselves a prayer
Oh bill I'm probation boss I hope we got
our point across as we is or as we isn't
we're gonna get ourselves a prison